README.md, before:

# WeCreate MN : Solo Passion Project

### Built By:
Mase Santos
>Duration: Two Week Sprint, Solo Project

![WeCreate Landing Page View](./Landing_Page_View_WeCreate_MN-01.png)

## What is WeCreate MN?
WeCreate MN is a web-based application that serves as a job board and candidate database for prospective creatives of color in Minnesota. In the Midwest as a whole, the creative industry has a low hiring and retention rate for People of Color. WeCreate MN serves to showcase job opportunities by organizations interested in accessing a more-inclusive applicant pool, while also highlighting creatives of color in various practices. Individuals seeking opportunities will be able to create their own profile through a “Personal” portal, including links to outside portfolios. Organizations will be able to submit job opportunities via an “Employer” portal, and then have their jobs posted to a searchable online database.

## Application Overview

This application was created over the duration of two weeks, with the purpose of utilizing ***JavaScript, React, Redux, Sagas, and User Authentication*** in order to solidify knowledge with each of these technologies, and is a ***CRUD application*** to provide the most use to the user. The primary task of this project included providing the user with the option to view public job opportunities, create a private account to post new opportunities as an employer, delete old oppprtunities as needed, and update their employer profile. 

The next phase of this project will include enhancing the employer user experience by adding the option to upload a logo, to create a job seeker database employers can search, and to focus in on the accessibility of the site to make sure ***all*** can use it.

## Scope and Wireframe

The scope of this project and wireframes can be accessed [here](https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/e/2PACX-1vR0iafFcsc668VuVEz3PXhJhQS-_b8LumMSDESe3XMtGeDtyoudlNWe7PGCXrVBrEdRyG9wuNT0u2lU/pub)

## Installation

1. Set-up 'wecreate_mn' DB using the provided SQL file
2. npm intall  
3. npm run server, npm run client

## Usage

1. Create an employer user account via the "Sign Up" button in the landing page
2. Log in and explore posting a new opportunity
3. Delete old opportunities as needed
4. Update your user profile via the "Profile" section found at the top

## Technologies Used

- JavaScript
- [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Redux.js](https://redux.js.org/)
- [Saga](https://redux-saga.js.org/)
- [Axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 
- [Express.js](https://expressjs.com/)
- [PostgreSQL/Postico](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/)

- Royalty free images: [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
- [Adobe Illustrator](https://www.adobe.com/products/illustrator.html?sdid=KKQML&mv=search&ef_id=EAIaIQobChMIz9W0qumn6wIVRL7ACh3AeQzIEAAYASAAEgL69vD_BwE:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!3085!3!442365417815!e!!g!!adobe%20illustrator&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIz9W0qumn6wIVRL7ACh3AeQzIEAAYASAAEgL69vD_BwE)
- [Canva](https://www.canva.com/)

## Acknowledgement
A big thank you to my Co-Founder and partner [Ashley Koudou](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashley-koudou-35b32b104/) for guiding me through her vision of the design so I could bring it to life.

Thank you to my instructors [Mary](https://github.com/mbMosman) and [Dev](https://github.com/devjanaprime) for their support during the creation of this project, as well everyone in my Paxos cohort at [Prime Digital Academy](www.primeacademy.io)! 

If you are interested in following the development of WeCreate MN, you can submit your contact information [here](https://forms.gle/GHPFjcvUauPSgg9a7) for updates.

Commit message:

Link to demo added in README

README.md, after:

# WeCreate MN : Solo Passion Project

### Built By:
Mase Santos
>Duration: Two Week Sprint, Solo Project

![WeCreate Landing Page View](./Landing_Page_View_WeCreate_MN-01.png)

### A complete demo of this application can be viewed [here].(https://vimeo.com/user122213197/review/452713571/3be1cef0db)

## What is WeCreate MN?
WeCreate MN is a web-based application that serves as a job board and candidate database for prospective creatives of color in Minnesota. In the Midwest as a whole, the creative industry has a low hiring and retention rate for People of Color. WeCreate MN serves to showcase job opportunities by organizations interested in accessing a more-inclusive applicant pool, while also highlighting creatives of color in various practices. Individuals seeking opportunities will be able to create their own profile through a “Personal” portal, including links to outside portfolios. Organizations will be able to submit job opportunities via an “Employer” portal, and then have their jobs posted to a searchable online database.

## Application Overview

This application was created over the duration of two weeks, with the purpose of utilizing ***JavaScript, React, Redux, Sagas, and User Authentication*** in order to solidify knowledge with each of these technologies, and is a ***CRUD application*** to provide the most use to the user. The primary task of this project included providing the user with the option to view public job opportunities, create a private account to post new opportunities as an employer, delete old oppprtunities as needed, and update their employer profile. 

The next phase of this project will include enhancing the employer user experience by adding the option to upload a logo, to create a job seeker database employers can search, and to focus in on the accessibility of the site to make sure ***all*** can use it.

## Scope and Wireframe

The scope of this project and wireframes can be accessed [here](https://docs.google.com/document/u/1/d/e/2PACX-1vR0iafFcsc668VuVEz3PXhJhQS-_b8LumMSDESe3XMtGeDtyoudlNWe7PGCXrVBrEdRyG9wuNT0u2lU/pub)

## Installation

1. Set-up 'wecreate_mn' DB using the provided SQL file
2. npm intall  
3. npm run server, npm run client

## Usage

1. Create an employer user account via the "Sign Up" button in the landing page
2. Log in and explore posting a new opportunity
3. Delete old opportunities as needed
4. Update your user profile via the "Profile" section found at the top

## Technologies Used

- JavaScript
- [React.js](https://reactjs.org/)
- [Redux.js](https://redux.js.org/)
- [Saga](https://redux-saga.js.org/)
- [Axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) 
- [Express.js](https://expressjs.com/)
- [PostgreSQL/Postico](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Material UI](https://material-ui.com/)

- Royalty free images: [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/)
- [Adobe Illustrator](https://www.adobe.com/products/illustrator.html?sdid=KKQML&mv=search&ef_id=EAIaIQobChMIz9W0qumn6wIVRL7ACh3AeQzIEAAYASAAEgL69vD_BwE:G:s&s_kwcid=AL!3085!3!442365417815!e!!g!!adobe%20illustrator&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIz9W0qumn6wIVRL7ACh3AeQzIEAAYASAAEgL69vD_BwE)
- [Canva](https://www.canva.com/)

## Acknowledgement
A big thank you to my Co-Founder and partner [Ashley Koudou](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashley-koudou-35b32b104/) for guiding me through her vision of the design so I could bring it to life.

Thank you to my instructors [Mary](https://github.com/mbMosman) and [Dev](https://github.com/devjanaprime) for their support during the creation of this project, as well everyone in my Paxos cohort at [Prime Digital Academy](www.primeacademy.io)! 

If you are interested in following the development of WeCreate MN, you can submit your contact information [here](https://forms.gle/GHPFjcvUauPSgg9a7) for updates.
